hey crafty friends this is Jenny from
craft test dummies comm and today I'm
going to share with you a video review
of the epson stylus photo r2000
printer so Epson sent me this printer to
review and so I wanted to give you a
little video overview with my handheld
camera so I'm gonna apologize in advance
for the shakiness so the first thing you
need to know is that this is a very
large format printer it will print
things that are 13 inches wide that
means that the casing itself is 25
inches wide and 13 inches deep so make
sure that you have got the space for
this big bad boy also this is only a
printer it does not scan it does not fax
it does not do 20 million things this
baby prints and it does it well so
that's all you should expect so um you
should know that it is a Wi-Fi
compatible this was hooked up to my home
Wi-Fi already it was pretty easy to do
you are gonna want to use the USB cable
set up which the cable it does not come
in the package so get one because it
just makes it easier than trying to do
it by you know hitting that reset button
anyways so there's an indicator light
this is the syncing button this gives
you indicators about your ink and then
also using the roll function that you
can print from a roll of canvas or a
roll of paper but that's for another day
just to give you a peek on the inside
this lid or this door flips down and if
telescopes out so that it will catch
your project which is a nice big
platform it's bigger than anyone I've
ever seen and then you flip this part up
and this is your feed tray and again
this also telescopes up to accommodate
the different sizes of paper that you
might have to use and this also is your
indicator size and if you just push this
little gray button you can slide it back
and forth so that you can do your letter
size paper your
by sixes you're 12 by 12 etc so I'm
actually going to load this up with some
glossy paper in the eight-and-a-half by
eleven size tuk-tuk-tuk there you go so
now it's all snug in there so I can do a
quick printer demo for you so you can
see how that looks
Oh before I forget though let's look
underneath the hood and you can see here
this is where the printing magic happens
including where all of your ink
cartridges get loaded in so I found it
really easy to load them in that was not
worried and it's color-coordinated so
you really can't mess it up and you
should be aware that yes each cartridge
is different an individual so that if
you run low on one you will only have to
replace that one including the there's
this one here this is Gio that's for the
glossy coating for your photos which is
fun so I'm gonna close this back down
and show you I've got my laptop set up
here with my Picasa and I'm going to
print to 5 by 7s so you can see how this
works so first I'm gonna hit the print
button and now a window is gonna pop up
tada
so you can get some information as you
are printing including how much
information has been sent to the printer
and what your default paper and size is
so be aware - I make this mistake all
the time it's Auto default is to photo
paper glossy in 8 and a half by 11 but
sometimes I just want to print out like
a coupon or something and it's still
using that glossy cartridge up so as you
can see mine is really low right here
which is nice though it tells me and as
you can see there's also a bar right
down here that you can buy right from
this pop-up window it will take you to
the Epson site so you can replenish what
you need which makes a lot of sense to
me so I'm just going to show you a
little bit this is starting to print out
here and in the meantime I'll show you a
couple of samples so I was printing out
some scrapbooking attitude
oops stuff this is kind of stuck on here
mm so this is almost like it is a
principle film and it did a nice job
taking that non-traditional material
through I printed out a 12 by 12 piece
of cardstock this is also Epson brand
scrapbook paper but their colors are
just really nice and vibrant and you can
also see my adorable family yay
of course you can also use it for things
like printing out coupons very important
it will also allow you to print like
just in grayscale and have that beer
default but you know this is really for
photos so have it ready for that and
then here's one of the four by sixes
that I fed through with some Instagram
photos and again pretty and glossy now I
was able to talk over that and it was
fairly quiet so I think you can print
while your kids are napping or whatever
and not have a problem and you can see
that really pretty glossy photo now they
suggest that you just let this sit and
dry for you know like an hour but I've
used them ten minutes later and I
haven't had any problems with smudging
so I wanted to show you though how great
this printer is I'm really having a
great time and I will certainly be
trying it out with the fine art paper
and the rolled paper but in the meantime
I'm getting caught up on my scrapbooking
and I love the fact that I can do these
nice large photos with such beautiful
clarity right from home I don't have to
send away and also the twelve by twelve
format is gonna let me do some digital
scrapbooking as well so thank you so
much for watching if you found this
information helpful please give the
video a thumbs up feel free to leave a
comment and as always thanks for tuning
in to craft test dummies calm
you